2020-07-06 : Initial discovery : iOS(S)-iOS(S)
1. Phone A and B, uninstall app, airplane mode ON
2. Phone A, airplane mode OFF, install app, app to background, confirm advert in Xcode, disconnect from Xcode, place in faraday bag
3. Phone B, airplane mode OFF, install app, app to background, confirm advert in Xcode
4. Phone A, out of faraday bag, expect no change on B if its screen is OFF
5. Phone B, touch display or wait for notification, screen ON, expect discovery of A

2020-07-06 : Automatic screen ON
1. Phone A and B, uninstall app, airplane mode ON
2. Phone A has front cover, Phone B (iPhone X) has bluetac covering notch to simulate front cover ON and in pocket.
3. Phone A, airplane mode OFF, install app, app to background, confirm advert in Xcode, disconnect from Xcode, front cover ON, place in faraday bag
4. Phone B, airplane mode OFF, install app, app to background, confirm advert in Xcode
5. Wait to confirm Phone B screen ON at regular intervals from repeating notification, expect Phone B to show notifications
6. Phone A, out of faraday bag, wait for Phone B to show notification and screen ON, expect discovery of A

2020-07-11 : Understand scope of screen ON discovery
1. Phone A, B and C, uninstall app, Settings > Display & Brightness > (Lock/Unlock OFF, Raise to Wake OFF, Auto-Lock NEVER), power off
2. Phone A (iPhone X, iOS 13.5.1), install and start app, confirm advertising, background, lock, cover on, disconnect from Xcode, in faraday bag
3. Phone B (iPhone X, iOS 13.2.3), install and start app, confirm advertising, background, lock, cover on, disconnect from Xcode, in faraday bag
4. Phone C (iPhone 4S, iOS 9.3.5), install and start app, confirm advertising, background, lock, cover on, keep connected to Xcode
5. Wait 1 minute
6. Phone A, out of faraday bag gently, connect to Console, expect nothing to happen but C detected A and vice versa
7. Phone B, out of faraday bag gently, connect to Console, expect nothing to happen but A, B and C all detected each other, just lucky?
8. Waited for all to run connect->disconnect loop indefinitely
9. Phone C loop stopped after about 7 mins because of locationd process reporting "APP is depending on legacy on-demand authorization, which is not supported for new apps", causing A and B to stop detection of C.
10. Phone A open case, tap screen. A detects C again. C needed to return to foreground to resume due to locationd issue.

2020-07-11 : Understand scope of screen ON discovery
1. Phone A and B, uninstall app, Settings > Display & Brightness > (Lock/Unlock OFF, Raise to Wake OFF, Auto-Lock NEVER), power off
2. Phone A (iPhone X, iOS 13.2.3), install and start app, confirm advertising, background, lock, cover on, disconnect from Xcode, in faraday bag
3. Phone B (iPhone X, iOS 13.5.1), install and start app, confirm advertising, background, lock, cover on, keep connected to Xcode
5. Wait 1 minute
6. Phone A, out of faraday bag very gently, connect to Console, expected nothing to happen but A detected B, due to physical movement?
7. Phone B, completely stationay, does not detect A, confirming scan/didDiscover is one sided
